The
UiPath
Platform

The primary difference between a fully automated enterprise and a traditional enterprise is their approaches to automation.

A fully automated enterprise thinks “automation first” and applies automation where it makes the most sense and can have
the greatest impact. It also understands the people requirements and nurtures and grows the talent needed to operate the
the automations.

Select each logo to find out more about each product.

Discover
What it does? Example
Discover automation Captures automation ideas from those who know the Jane from the marketing team, needs an automation
opportunities powered work best: the employee themselves. Brings together all that updates the assets on a public platform. She
by AI and your people the right people in the organization, including IT and submits the idea and if approved, the CoE will pick
Business Partners to drive automation opportunities. it up and develop the automation.
Users
CoE Leadership, the C-Suite, Business Users

What it does? Example
Looks at how speciﬁc processes are carried out by Brian, from the Finance department, uses Task
task experts - the workers who do the tasks the most. Capture to document the speciﬁcs of an SAP task
When started, it registers the process details as the to be automated by the RPA team.
expert performs them.

Then, it exports screenshots, step by step details, and
detailed annotation in a PDD or XAML to be used
further in the Build phase.
Users
CoE Leadership, the C-Suite, Business Users, RPA Developers,
Business Analysts

What it does? Example
Uses the digital footprints left behind in your systems Analyzing an invoice process through Task Mining
and applications to create a digital representation of to ﬁnd improvement opportunities throughout the
end-to-end business processes. Discovers automa- process. Once identiﬁed, a process step is send to
tion-ready pain points, deviations, and inefﬁciencies the automation team to be analyzed for automation
across processes. potential.
Users
Business Process Owners (eg. Head of Procurement, Contact Center
Owner, Head of Logistics), Automation/RPA Leads, IT C-levelWhat it does? Example
Uses Al to automatically capture and analyze the Recording Excel and SAP dektop activities of a
day-to-day tasks performed by the employees, team for one week, and them deploying an ML
construct the data-driven process maps, and suggest model to analyze the recorded data and identify the
automation ideas with the highest ROI potential. repetitive tasks performed across the team.
Users
Business Users, RPA CoE

Build
What it does? Example
Build automations It allows RPA developers to create workﬂows, with Developing an automation that tracks licenses
quickly, from the simple API integrations to an ever-growing list of assigned to a team and allocates or removes them
to the advanced applications, technologies, and platforms. More based on usage.
complex automations are easily handled with basic
coding knowledge.

Users
RPA Developer, Business Decision Maker, Business User

What it does?
Enables business users to rapidly automate without
the need for developer resources or coding, making
automation accessible to all.
Example
Downloading attachements from speciﬁc emails
and then compare the data across the downloaded
ﬁles.

Users
Business Users, Subject Matter Experts

What it does? Example
Empowers RPA developers with all of the beneﬁts of Developing a Workday automation for onboarding
Studio plus advanced scaling capabilities to employees, and then building Test Cases for
continuously automate testing of RPA workﬂows and various functions around the onboarding process in
the applications they rely on, including web, mobile, Workday.
SAP, and virtualized desktops.

Users
RPA Teams, Test Teams, Transformation Leaders

What it does? Example
Uses AI-enhanced skills to extract data and interpret Extracting data from employees’ ID cards and
documents. It can process different document types Passports.
and formats, including tables, handwriting, signatures,
and checkboxes. Uses human validation to conﬁrm
extracted data if needed, handle exceptions, and train
models to improve their accuracy over time.
Users
RPA Developers, Business Process Owners, CoE members,
CIOsWhat it does? Example
Helps you automate processes that involve multiple Automating mortgage application processes using
applications and/or lines of business using deep the UiPath integration with Adobe Sign. In this auto-
integrations with best-in-breed technologies. Leverages mated process, clients can sign documents on any
API integrations with leading enterprise applications, device –including mobile.
built and supported by UiPath and backed by partners.

Users
RPA Developers, Business Users, CoE members

What it does? Example
Enables consumers to discover and use trusted, Downloading a Studio project developed to delete
enterprise-grade RPA content. Gives vendors a easy history, cache and cookies from Internet Explorer,
way to distribute RPA solutions to thousands of Chrome and Firefox and integrating it into an
customers. automation project.
Users
RPA Developers

Manage
What it does? Example
Manage, deploy, and
Deploys, manages and optimizes your Robots with When a certain number of invoices to be processed
optimize automation at enterprise-scale integrations and compliance. are added to queue, the robot is triggered and
enterprise scale starts processing them.

Users
RPA Developer, IT Admin, CoE Admin

What it does? Example
Governs and monitors the quality of the automations. Connecting ServiceNow with UiPath Test Manager
It facilitates test planning and execution, and automating ServiceNow Test Cases with UiPath
requirements, and defect traceability, includes Studio Pro.
comprehensive test reporting, and seamlessly adapts
to environments with out-of-the-box integrations.

Users
RPA Teams, Test Teams, Transformation Leaders

What it does? Example
Facilitates the automation of more complex or Creating an ML model to classify product feature
cognitive processes with RPA robots learning Al skills. requests, training Out-of-the-box ML model to ex-
Enables you to deploy your own Al skills or pre-trained tract data from invoices .
Al skills developed by UiPath or UiPath Al technology
partners.

You can also monitor and manage your AI skills, train
an improve them usinghuman validated data.

Users
RPA CoE, RPA Developers, and Business Users